🔒 Fix security vulnerabilities in CodeQL workflow and add security policy (#32)
Mirxa27/growth-new: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

We take security seriously and actively maintain the following versions of Growth Echo Nexus (Newomen Platform):

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 1.x     | :white_check_mark: |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We appreciate your efforts to responsibly disclose security vulnerabilities. To report a security issue, please use one of the following methods:

### Preferred Method: GitHub Security Advisories

1. Navigate to the [Security tab](https://github.com/Mirxa27/growth-new/security) of this repository
2. Click "Report a vulnerability"
3. Fill out the security advisory form with details about the vulnerability

### Alternative Method: Email

> Send an email to the project maintainers with the following information:

Reviewer: @copilot the project name is newomen.me

> Send an email to **security@growthecho.com** (or your dedicated security contact address) with the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send an email to **security@newomen.me** (or your dedicated security contact address) with the following information:
```
